Edits to Repostor partner doc (#4525)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/partner_docs/RepostorDataProtectorforPostgreSQL/04-ConfiguringRepostorDataProtectorforPostgreSQL.mdx

    !!! Note
        If the user isn't the same user that owns the PostgreSQL server process, make sure that the server process owner has the correct SP client file access so they can execute `archive_command`.

- A Spectrum Protect node must be defined in the Spectrum Protect server environment in a
management class that suits the needs of the DBA team.

- The Spectrum Protect client details for setting up connection to Spectrum Protect server must be
available, including the client Spectrum Protect password.

## Installing and configuring Repostor Data Protector for PostgreSQL

The high-level steps for installing and configuring the integration are:

1. [Configure local Spectrum Protect configuration files.](/#configure-local-spectrum-protect-configuration-files)
1. [Install Repostor Data Protector client.](#install-repostor-data-protector-client)
1. [Verify the connection to PostgreSQL psql.](/#verify-the-connection-to-postgresql-psql)
1. [Configure PostgreSQL `archive_command` to use logwriter.](#configure-postgresql-archive_command-to-use-logwriter)
1. [Set up a backup script.](#set-up-a-backup-script)

> ### Configure the local Spectrum Protect Configuration files 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the local Spectrum Protect configuration files 
```

        /opt/tivoli/tsm/client/api/bin64/dsm.opt
   ```    

   Here's the listing (`ls -l` command) from the API directory for this example showing the links:

   ```    
    dsm.opt -> /opt/tivoli/tsm/client/ba/bin/dsm.postgres.opt
    dsm.sys -> /opt/tivoli/tsm/client/ba/bin/dsm.sys
   ```    

4. Set the `DSMI_CONFIG` variable for the OS user that runs the RDP tools, preferably the same user
that owns the PostgreSQL server process.

> 5. Verify that the OS user can connect to Spectrum Protect server and the correct file access to local SP files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Verify that the OS user can connect to Spectrum Protect server, which also verifies correct file access to local SP files:
```
